---
layout: post
title: "30commit-2 - Antiquality"
date: 2011-11-11 20:51
comments: true
categories: 
---


Being tired to write the Makefile... I hope the App Engine has a JS centric modern framework. 
And I wasted time by bad perfectionism. Beware I'm just a hobby webdev. I cannot be take a correct way.
To be a pragmatic hobbist, I should take an Antiquality path at the start.

 * Don't mandate the project portability. Certain level of manual setup is totally OK for... for who? Actually it's me.
 * Don't worry about the library versioning. It's not my job. I would have enough resource if the project survive to require library upgrade.
 * Don't worry about the automation. Simple Makefile is enough for me. I don't need 
 * Don't worry about the speed. Let's load tons of JavaScript!
 * Don't worry about the test coverage. It's OK to break things. You can easily fix it.

These "qualities" should be improved for sustainable project.
But remember that I'm working on a new, inherently risky, hobby project.
What I need is validate the idea by dogfooding. That should be my first priority. 
Other stuff can follow once the idea comes true. Intentionally take the antiquality. 
Perfectionism is a enemy of hobbyists.

Done:

  * Added qunit, and mounted /test as a qunit runner.

Notes:

 * Tried [Ender](http://ender.no.de/). But decide not to use it. I love the concept of CPAN for JS. But sharing the package repository 
   with node.js looks a fundamental design flaw for Ender. Servers and clients have few library to share. And their names often conflict.
   Also, Ender is rough stage and it's slow.

 * Should I use backbone.js or try batman.js? I'll quickly investigate batman.js.